Update AdGuard Browser Extension section (#879)
AdguardTeam/KnowledgeBase: docs/adguard-browser-extension/features/main-menu.md

:::

The extension’s main page can be accessed by clicking its icon on your browser’s toolbar.

![Main menu *mobile_border](https://cdn.adtidy.org/content/Kb/ad_blocker/browser_extension/main_popup_mv2.png)

From the main page, you can manage your protection and access key features:

> - Manually hide any element on a web page (a custom rule will be automatically added to your *User rules*)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Manually hide any element on a webpage (a custom rule will be automatically added to your *User rules*)
```

> - Open the *Filtering log* to view detailed information about your browser’s traffic and block requests on the fly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Open *Filtering log* to view detailed information about your browser’s traffic and block requests on the fly
```
